---
layout: blog
title: 2020 Summer Seminar Applications — for students and staff — are live!
date: January 1, 2020
published: true
excerpt_separator: <!--more-->
---

​The Outer Coast Summer Seminar application is now open!

<strong> Program Dates: June 27 – August 1, 2020

Location: Sitka, AK

Current high school sophomores and juniors are invited to apply online or by mail.

Applications submitted by January 31, 2020 will receive admissions decisions by February 15.

The final application deadline is April 1, 2020. </strong>

<!--more-->

Over the course of five weeks, up to 32 students immerse themselves in two college-level courses, engage in work-based service in Sitka, and self-govern key elements of their Outer Coast experience. Through small seminars, close-knit residential living, and involvement in the wider Sitka community, Summer Seminar students will learn how to identify, analyze, and address the challenges — both big and small — that face the world today.

The Summer Seminar does not have a fixed cost of attendance. Instead, students and their parent(s) set their own cost of attendance based on their household’s financial means. Outer Coast will ensure that finances are not a barrier to anyone’s attendance and will assist with travel costs as appropriate.


Read the full program overview here.

 
“Being able to not only be taught by these teachers, but to be able to connect with them, was an amazing experience.” - 2019 Summer Seminar student from Dillingham, AK

 
Know a student who would be a good fit? You can nominate them here!

Nominations serve as a great tool for connecting promising potential applicants with Outer Coast, but students need not be nominated to apply.
 
“The structure of Outer Coast, building in community service into practically every day, really helped me come home and want to help my own community as well as reach out to programs that involve a lot of community service.” - 2019 Summer Seminar student from Los Angeles, CA

Join the Summer Seminar team!

In shaping the Summer Seminar, we seek to assemble a dynamic “staffulty” team to support students.

Are you interested in contributing to Outer Coast’s mission? If so, check out the roles below:

Residential Teaching Assistant (RTA) - we are hiring a team of RTAs to oversee and coordinate student life. Primary responsibilities include providing residential support, mentorship, and academic guidance to students.

Service Coordinator - we are hiring a team of Service Coordinators to facilitate student service projects. Primary responsibilities include providing service leadership, training, guidance, and mentorship to students.

Faculty - It's not too late to apply to teach at the Summer Seminar. Applications are due on Monday, January 6, 2020.
 
“The biggest reward post-Seminar is having 22 new best friends that I have connected with in such a different way than anyone else in my life.” - 2019 Summer Seminar student from Wasilla, AK

We are thrilled to be offering the Summer Seminar for a third consecutive year and cannot wait to meet the students in June. If you are interested in supporting the 2020 Outer Coast Summer Seminar, consider contributing below.

 
Cheers and, from all of us, Happy New Year,

 

The Outer Coast Team

